TASK 1

Please read Karl Crary's documentation of CM-Lex and CM-Yacc:

https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~crary/cmtool/manual.pdf

and ask many questions. I need to read it myself and in the course of that I
will create exercises. 

I do hope that these tools will allow you to write a decent Mustache
implementation, but even if there is a theoretical obstacle, it will be very
educational to learn this tool. For many parsing task, a parser generator is
very convenient, saves a lot of work.

CM-Lex and CM-Yacc improve upon their predecessors, ML-Lex and ML-Yacc by
having _localised_ error messages. As they write:

"Existing lexer and parser generators such as Lex and Yacc suffer from
practical inconveniences because they use disembodied code to implement
actions. To prevent this problem, CM-Lex and CM-Yacc generate closed functors
that are then instantiated by the programmer with appropriate action code. This
results in all code being type checked in its appropriate context, and it
assists the type checker in localizing errors correctly."

As I understand you would like to gain software engineering practice by this
project. While Standard ML and especially CM-Lex and CM-Yacc are very niche,
this exactly trains you a very important skill in software engineering: to
discover and learn a programming environment on your own. 

It might well be that you will go to a job where you need to develop software
in Python and 99 other Python programmers will be around, so you can ask for
help from your peers, but even then, your responsibility might involve to go
deep on some specific Python library where you will be the sole expert. It's
nice to be work in a good team, but even then, and even as an entry-level
developer, you need to be an expert where others are just followers. And,
experience with a functional language and environment makes you a better
software developer even if you will not use per se functional languages.

TASK 2

Install CM-Lex and CM-Yacc on your computer so that it will work with Poly/ML.

This might be a non-trivial task and you should ask many questions on it, even
multiple ones on a day. Do not be afraid of this, but please keep in mind that
I will be on holiday from 20th December to 16th January. I will reply to your
e-mails in batch.
