Dear Ja Ying,

thanks for working this much on your dissertation.

A few remarks:

Front page: is your official degree title Bachelor of Engineering, or is it more
specific, possibly Biomedical Engineering?

Abstract: please replace the goal of the abstract with a good, informative abstract.
It should help you in writing the dissertation. If you have a good concept of what
you are writing about, then it will be clear what to include and what not.

Acknowledgement: this one you can do at the end.

1. Introduction

Templating... this is a very succinct explanation of what templates are. Well done.
But, please give a reference at the end of the paragraph. And do this similarly for
other important concepts introduced later on.

The catch is ... please elaborate more on what logic-friendly and logic-less is,
and give references for them.

BioCaml: please write a paragraph on what it does, it might be interesting for a
biomedical engineer. Give reference on it, and not just its website but some
research paper or blog post on it. Also some argumentation why it was good to 
develop such a library in a functional language. Not by yourself, but quoting
some references.

2.2 Templating Engines Across Platforms

Good that you write about PHP.

parr2004 in bold: this seems to be a badly formatted reference: end of page 4.

Elm: typo: eisting, it should be existing

tiem should be time

explict should be explicit

Use a spell checker on your LaTeX input, please.

uncertainity -> uncertainty

demsotrtes -> demonstrates

explict again shall be explicit

Quoting Model-View-Controller architecture here I find not adequate: it is about
graphical user interfaces, but we are talking about templating. There could be a 
connection, as we are talking about web interfaces, but this shall be explained.

Selecting SML: write a paragraph about the CM Tools, which provide better error 
messages than ML-Lex and ML-Yacc, with locating the bad input line in the input.
With reference to its manual, quoting the statement from there.

Table 2.1 Template System Comparison: where do you refer to this in the literature review,
section 2? I have not found a reference by searching for "table".

Page 10: Thsi -> This

Page 11: Tthe -> The

Section 3.7 Legal and Ethical Considerations: please remove the URL of your dissertation
repository from the main text. This should be a proper reference and should appear in the
bibliography.

Section 4.1. Choice of ...  finish the sentence of the first paragraph on page 17 with a dot.
 ... is comparatively sparse.

Section 4.2   (A JavaScript fork, say)   this is too informal, not adequate in a dissertation
use (e.g. a JavaScript fork)

Section 4.4.3 A Worked Example

"After Preprocess.returnArray..." the code example overflows the main text (this is true also above at the beginning of the page), please use a smaller font to limit the code example
to the width of the main text.

Same on page 21, "Without it, ... #items ... /items", fix this please.

Section 5. Implementation and Testing

again, use the reference of your github repository.

Back to Section 3.4.5 Testing, you mention SML/NJ REPL the first time here.
Please explain what this abbreviation stands for, and what is it exactly. Remember the 
non-computer scientist reader.

Page 23, overflowing /usr/local/smlnj/bin/sml, probably it is not even needed here,
it's enough to write

    to be invoked through its absolute path

what is already there.

Gergely -> my supervisor 

BIDMAS convention: please unfold the abbreviation, explain what it means and give a reference.

Section 5.3: Please do not start a sentence with a programming identifier. Probably:

    The processFields function walks the fields of a JSON object.

or is it an iterator?

Same for flagList and processValue.

On page 25, ditto for resolve, isTruth, htmlEscape and renderNode.

Page 26: overflowing .amd64-linux. Here again, as with the absolute path of the SML/NJ
compiler, you need not mention the concrete strings, just that these string contain the
processor architecture and the operating system. Remember, an academic work is about
concepts, not technologies. Timeless concepts which age less than concrete technologies.

In general, your writing is good, it is good to read. Well done.


